So we want to clear the share place page once we're done and navigate the user to find place once we're
done.
Now how can we do this? On the share place screen,
we of course would need to reset our state here, the state of all these controls, reset the values, the validity,
touched, all these things need to be reset. For that I'll add a new method which I'll just call reset and
there, my goal is to simply call this set state and now I essentially want to reset my state to the original
state here.
Now the easiest way of course and it's appropriate here is to simply copy that whole controls object
here and basically set the state like this, on the other hand,
this means I can get rid of my initial state up here and we could also just call reset in componentWillMount
for example, so we could add componentWillMount and then to make sure that our set is initialized
correctly,
we could call this reset here and this would set our state to this,
it has the advantage that we now can also use reset when we really want to reset the page,
so for not initializing as we do here
but in any other place like for example here when we have the place added handler, after calling on add
place we can call this reset.
Now let's try this out
and let me reload this app to fetch the latest version of the code
and now let's again pick an image here,
this one maybe.
Let's locate ourselves,
try this resetting thing
and share the place.
And now you see, it kind of reset, it makes sure that the button is disabled and the place name was emptied
but the image and the map wasn't reset and that makes sense because both are external components, pick
image and pick location,
the logic for these components isn't controlled by our state here,
here we just use what these components give us
and now we essentially made sure that what we have in share place is not in sync with our other components
anymore.
So we need to reset these two and there are a couple of approaches of doing that,
one thing you can do is you can go into these components, like here pick image and we could add a reset
method here
too, and in this reset method here for pick image,
I will simply call this set state and set picked image to null again.
And I just noticed that there is a typo, it should be pick image not pick imaged,
so we should probably replace this everywhere we're using it, pick image instead of pick imaged.
So that was not the main thing though,
fixing that type, we instead we now have this reset method here
and I want to call reset from outside of course. Now we learned how to do that with the map view and
can use the same approach on our custom components,
we can make sure that we get access to our components through a ref,
so here I can add this ref property,
it takes an arrow function where we get a reference by react, so react creates that and then we can store
this, this image picker equals ref. Let me bring this into a new line,
now we can use this to reset the image.
So now in our place added handler, I not only call reset in this component but I also call it on
my image picker like this.
Now if we save both files and we reload this app one more time,
let's try it again.
Let's again pick an image here,
any image you like, locate yourself and enter some nice text, share the place and now you see the image
is also reset up there.
Now let's do the same for the location, there we can go to pick location and just as before,
here I'll also add a reset method.
So reset
and the goal here is to reset our state back to this state of course,
so here I will call this set state and I can just copy the entire state I have
here, so focused location and location chosen, this of course means I can get rid of the state here
and just as before,
instead I could add componentWillMount and there, simply call this reset.
Now we can also call reset from outside
by again going back to share place and getting a reference to our own component,
so getting a reference to pick location. With the same approach as before, using ref where we have
an arrow function where we get the reference and then we create our own property in this class, the location
picker and we assign this reference given to us by react to that property.
So now we can use the location picker to call reset and I'll do this here in the place added handler,
this location picker, let's call reset.
Make sure to save all files again and let's it out one more time.
I'll go to share places,
pick an image,
maybe this one here, locate ourselves,
testing this again and now if I click share place here,
you see the marker is gone and there, map therefore was also reset.
Now we can of course try this again and use another image which still works,
pick some place maybe manually and again, try that
and now if we share the place, we should have shared this new place.
One thing you might notice here though is that the map stays at the position where we navigate it to,
now maybe you want this but maybe you don't want that, it's staying there because on this map
and keep in mind, this component is not removed from the view,
we have this initial region.
So on pick location, there we have this initial region on the map view and this is really only set when this
is first rendered
and it's not re-rendered here, it's re-rendered but not for the first time here.
So this doesn't change even if we update focused location.
So what we could do here is we could also bind region to this state focused location and see if that fixes
it to always center it to the latest picked location.
Let's try this out,
if I now manually click somewhere, it instantly jumps back to it, so our nice animation
now is gone again due to this change,
so this is not how we can do it.
Instead what we should do is we should simply check if this state location chosen is not true because
that means we haven't picked a place we don't want to animate, then we can set this location
otherwise we set this to null and if we set this to null, it will basically be ignored.
So now if we do that and we reload this page, if we go back and we click here, now you see the animation
still works absolutely fine,
also if I locate myself but if I now do submit everything, if I do create this new place,
now you see it jumps back to the center and clears everything.
Now we have an application that correctly resets this, we of course also want to make sure that the
user is forwarded to the find place page. We'll do this or we'll implement this in the next lecture.